Pinata Android Application
(C) 2015 Christian Gunderman

INTRO:
 This is the Pinata android application source directory. It contains all
 Android specific code. Anything that is useful both client and server side
 goes in the shared directory instead and any Client side object model code
 or Client networking code goes in the client directory instead.

LAYOUT:
 Standard Android application framework. The libs directory
 is where all third party files that can't be found in maven go.
 At the moment, the build scripts for dependencies are weird because
 the android gradle plugin doesn't work properly. As a result, they
 all just copy dependencies to the libs folder too at the moment.

SETUP:
 - Install Android SDK        - http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/index.html?pkg=tools
 - Configure Project          - <path_to_sdk>/tools/android update project -p <pinata_dir>

BUILD:
 At the moment, the build system is a bit messy because the Android Gradle
 plugin is too unstable for us to use, so we are using a hacky Gradle script
 instead.

 At compile-time, gradle imports all of the standard Android build tasks from
 the build.xml Ant file. It then renames these tasks to mirror the tasks of the
 service and shared projects so that they will all build together.

 Some things are still borked though: Gradle won't allow shared as a build
 prereq, so, you have to manually build the shared library each time you
 change it, or else it goes stale.
 
 As for the reason for both an Ant file and Gradle: ideally we can get
 everything to work in Gradle eventually, but for now, gradle build
 grabs the dependencies. Ant, however, is the definitive way to install
 to an actual device.

(from the root Pinata directory):
 - Build all pinata source    - gradle build
 - Switch to android app dir  - cd android
 - Build android app and deps.- gradle build

DEPLOY:
 - Build debug JAR            - ant debug
 - Deploy to attached device  - ant installd

ERRORS:
 If an error occurs, try the following:
 - Device permissions:        - sudo adb start-server
                              - sudo ant installd

 - Certificates:              - ant clean
                              - ant debug

 - Not showing up on phone:   - sudo adb install ./Pinata.apk
